README.md, before:



# My GitHub Pages Website

Welcome to my GitHub Pages projects! 🎮

## Full page: https://pemmyz.github.io/

## Play My Games

- 🎮 [Play the JavaScript Pyrillas_bas](https://pemmyz.github.io/js_pyrillas_bas/)  
  [View the repo](https://github.com/pemmyz/js_pyrillas_bas)

- 🎹 [Play the JavaScript Super Deluxe Synth](https://pemmyz.github.io/js_keyboardsynth/)  
  [View the repo](https://github.com/pemmyz/js_keyboardsynth)

- 🎯 [Play the JavaScript Reaction Game](https://pemmyz.github.io/js_reactiongame/js_reactiongame.html)  
  [View the repo](https://github.com/pemmyz/js_reactiongame)

- 🔢 [Play the JavaScript 2048 Bot Solver](https://pemmyz.github.io/js_2048_bot_solver/)  
  [View the repo](https://github.com/pemmyz/js_2048_bot_solver)

- 🧩 [Play the JavaScript Maze Labyrinth](https://pemmyz.github.io/js_mazelabyrinth/js_mazelabyrinth.html)  
  [View the repo](https://github.com/pemmyz/js_mazelabyrinth)

- 🧩 [Play the JavaScript Maze Labyrinth Redux](https://pemmyz.github.io/js_mazelabyrinth_redux/)  
  [View the repo](https://github.com/pemmyz/js_mazelabyrinth_redux)

- 🚗 [Play the JavaScript Pikkuautot](https://pemmyz.github.io/js_pikkuautot/)  
  [View the repo](https://github.com/pemmyz/js_pikkuautot)

## More Links

- [My GitHub Profile](https://github.com/pemmyz)  
- [My GitHub Repositories](https://github.com/pemmyz?tab=repositories)  
- [My GitHub Pages Website Repository](https://github.com/pemmyz/pemmyz.github.io)  
- [My X Profile (pemmyzen)](https://x.com/pemmyzen)

## My Profile Pictures

You can click the images to view them in full size.

[![Picture 1](images/thumbs/image1-thumb.png)](images/image1.png)
[![Picture 2](images/thumbs/image2-thumb.png)](images/image2.png)  
[![Picture 3](images/thumbs/image3-thumb.png)](images/image3.png)
[![Picture 4](images/image4.jpg)](images/image4.jpg)

Commit message:

Update README.md added tetris

README.md, after:



# My GitHub Pages Website

Welcome to my GitHub Pages projects! 🎮

## Full page: https://pemmyz.github.io/

## Play My Games

- 🎮 [Play the JavaScript Pyrillas_bas](https://pemmyz.github.io/js_pyrillas_bas/)  
  [View the repo](https://github.com/pemmyz/js_pyrillas_bas)

- 🎹 [Play the JavaScript Super Deluxe Synth](https://pemmyz.github.io/js_keyboardsynth/)  
  [View the repo](https://github.com/pemmyz/js_keyboardsynth)

- 🎯 [Play the JavaScript Reaction Game](https://pemmyz.github.io/js_reactiongame/js_reactiongame.html)  
  [View the repo](https://github.com/pemmyz/js_reactiongame)

- 🔢 [Play the JavaScript 2048 Bot Solver](https://pemmyz.github.io/js_2048_bot_solver/)  
  [View the repo](https://github.com/pemmyz/js_2048_bot_solver)

- 🧩 [Play the JavaScript Maze Labyrinth](https://pemmyz.github.io/js_mazelabyrinth/js_mazelabyrinth.html)  
  [View the repo](https://github.com/pemmyz/js_mazelabyrinth)

- 🧩 [Play the JavaScript Maze Labyrinth Redux](https://pemmyz.github.io/js_mazelabyrinth_redux/)  
  [View the repo](https://github.com/pemmyz/js_mazelabyrinth_redux)

- 🚗 [Play the JavaScript Pikkuautot](https://pemmyz.github.io/js_pikkuautot/)  
  [View the repo](https://github.com/pemmyz/js_pikkuautot)

- 🕹️ [Play the JavaScript 2-Player Tetris](https://pemmyz.github.io/js_2player_tetris/)  
  [View the repo](https://github.com/pemmyz/js_2player_tetris)

## More Links

- [My GitHub Profile](https://github.com/pemmyz)  
- [My GitHub Repositories](https://github.com/pemmyz?tab=repositories)  
- [My GitHub Pages Website Repository](https://github.com/pemmyz/pemmyz.github.io)  
- [My X Profile (pemmyzen)](https://x.com/pemmyzen)

## My Profile Pictures

You can click the images to view them in full size.

[![Picture 1](images/thumbs/image1-thumb.png)](images/image1.png)
[![Picture 2](images/thumbs/image2-thumb.png)](images/image2.png)  
[![Picture 3](images/thumbs/image3-thumb.png)](images/image3.png)
[![Picture 4](images/image4.jpg)](images/image4.jpg)
